Update README.md (#5)
Thesola10/nextcloud-nextframe: README.md

NextFrame is a simple app based around the idea that actually, the Nextcloud topbar _is_ pretty cool after all.

> When installed, this app will create a new settings entry under `/settings/admin/additional` where you can generate a new "view token", which will be bound to a specific list of ancestors authorized by CSP. You should also configure reverse proxy, for nginx instructions see the [Configuring nginx](./README.md#Configuring-nginx) section below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When installed, this app will create a new settings entry under `/settings/admin/additional` where you can generate a new "view token", which will be bound to a specific list of ancestors authorized by CSP. You may also need to configure your reverse proxy, for `nginx` instructions, see the [Configuring nginx](./README.md#Configuring-nginx) section below.
```

You can then embed the Nextcloud top bar onto another website, preferably on the same domain to guarantee shared login cookies.

> Here's an example of a recommended `iframe` tag making full use of Nextframe's features (requires [`iframeResizer.min.js`](https://github.com/davidjbradshaw/iframe-resizer/raw/dc27ef6028523950cfa422f403f94882634caba7/js/iframeResizer.min.js)):

Reviewer: I don't think using a pinned commit is necessary.

Author: I written a pinned commit, because this file is missing in the `master` branch, and new files seem to be not compatible with NextFrame.

Reviewer: You need to use the `js-dist/iframe-resizer.parent.js` in your parent file but thanks for the heads up

<script>iFrameResize({autoSize: false}, "#nextframe")</script>
```

## Configuring nginx
You should add following lines to your Nextcloud config:
```nginx
server {
  ...

>   add_header Content-Security-Policy "frame-ancestors git.lotigara.ru" always;

Reviewer: Don't do that. The `Content-Security-Policy` header is already managed by Nextframe.

Author: Hmm... I didn't know that. I'm using YunoHost, which uses `more_set_headers` instead of official `add_header`.
